The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Flying to Jeffrey Epstein's ranch in, uh, Albuquerque.
You know, he has, do he have a ranch there? Not only does he have a ranch there,
but he's got a mile away. He actually owns a Western world.
Like it's like Westworld. Yeah.
And dude 60 elite, the.
Leads, the elites. That's where they hang out.
Jeff Jeffrey Epstein's Western town in Albuquerque in.
Albuquerque. 60 minutes had a piece about saw how the, uh,
the, the suicide is fake. 60 minutes. Did you, did you see in his like little,
uh, cell there's like 10 different fricking jump outfits. Jumpsuits. Yeah,
we went, there's a, there's a cord. There's a pen. Yeah. It's nuts.
And his brother's the one who hired this outside lawyer. And the lawyer's like,
I know it, it, it looks like I'm here to be like, oh no, he didn't.
I'm telling you look at all this stuff. Like here's the, well,
the Michael Badden guy, that guy from the HBO autopsy series me,
that guy has done thousands of autopsies. And he's a real expert. He's like,
I've never seen anyone who was who themselves with injuries like
this, especially where the Mark's at. Did.
You, who, who knows if, if that's all just a distraction to like, uh,
get people arguing, make it so obvious that it was O it wasn't a suicide.
It's so obvious. Let's release it, make it so obvious. Meanwhile,
he's still alive and everyone's trying to figure out how he died and,
and all they care about is that he's dead. You think? I think he's.
Anything 3d chess son. No. And he's one step ahead of that way. So good. You.
Why would they have, why would caus pushing a triangle on their first?
There's virtually a media blackout on it for the longest time,
but they gotta talk about something cuz the longer the mainstream media doesn't
talk about it. The more obvious it looks and it's waking everybody up,
you know how many people who are super anti conspiracy, theorists,
they're all into Epstein. Now.
It's like when nine 11 happened that woke up a lot of people,
nine 11 woke people up. A lot of people say, well it started with nine 11.
A lot of gonna,
people are gonna say it started with Jeffrey Epstein cuz it's so obvious.
Epstein. Even my dad obvious.
What are we doing? Like Michael Shermer, Michael,
Shermer's calling it a conspiracy.
Everybody. People that hate conspiracy thes are all into it. They're all. Yeah.
Michael Shermer. I'm so balls deep. And uh,
there's a guy on YouTube who every day he puts out.
All he does is he he's written books on gangsters and all that.
Every day he puts out a Epstein video and update and he just goes deeper into
what's deeper and deeper. His name is Sean Atwood.
What's the update every day though, dude, it would take me two hours to,
to go into it's really all about GI lane. Maxwell's father.
He was the one who was originally doing what Epstein was doing. Epstein took.
So Epstein started banging GI lane. She takes him, am she goes, you know what?
You're gonna take over the family business. The family business is,
is not just blackmailing the elite. That's part of it. But the man,
a big part of it, a big part of that dude, it, her father,
he's the one Robert Maxwell. That guy was a dude. He worked. He <laugh>.
I love this. I don't know. Like I'm afraid to talk about this, dude. Sean,
listen, listen to Sean Atwood. Okay. Well.
We have people go to that guy's page.
It's incredible. It's.
It is. It's the cover. I conspiracy.
It's the first conspiracy in modern times a where everyone is like no way.
Ah, JFK he's so D no, no JFK.
There's still people to this day that think that Lee Harvey Oswald killed JFK.
A lot of 'em including people that have written like good. What is that? Um,
what's that guy's name wrote case closed, uh, William, whatever.
Uh, uh,
there's there's been a lot of credible of people that think that Oswell acted
alone. I don't think so. That's so crazy. I don't think so. That's ridiculous.
That's that's like Epstein again, but this one,
the first Epstein they have one all the time. No, one's.
Defending it. Yeah, no one. No one's saying no one's coming out. Defend it.
The government's just silent.
I think, I think there's a good chance that he's alive. I think, I think it's,
that's crazy that that's where I think they're I don't mean everybody. Oh,
it wasn't a suicide.
I'd wanted him to be alive. Cause it'll make this even more fun.
If we're in Europe and you're like.
Anythings possible. It's already crazy as. The amount of deception that we're,
that that's shoved down our throats. It's obvious. Now it's all out in the open.
So any plausible theory you can't laugh at dude. He's what I.
You could easily be alive. He's you could right? Bandages Oliver,
hiss face watching TV, the hospital. Exactly.
Full facial.
Facial reconstruction surgery.
It was the worst face. Yeah. Why did they need to show 9,000 jumpsuits and?
Like they're making it Get in there, dude. It's so obvious. It's obvious.
It's too obvious. I'm with Eddie.
It's the most obvious one of all time. Look at all those jumps.
Like, come on, man.
How about, how about 2020 showed his dead body on.
TV and the craziest thing? The craziest thing besides all that,
the craziest thing is like where's the video footage. Oh, the cameras weren't.
Oh no, no, no. Did you see.
Thats the craziest ever yout. See the new video footage,
the new video footage was accidentally erased. That's insane. First.
The first video they doing.
That on purpose video from Jeffrey Lee Epstein's suicides attempt is gone.
Jail officials, inadvertently preserved footage from wrong floor.
<laugh> Hey government, if you're gonna kill someone do batters out.
We got.
Now if you suicide.
Attack, if you were part of this, this, um, this, um,
network of like elite people, right? Like he's definitely,
he definitely has a of power, right? Yeah. Wouldn't you, wouldn't there be like,
uh wouldn't you think it would be a good idea to all get together and say,
listen, every now and then some dude's gonna,
we're gonna have to sacrifice one of you guys and just fake your death.
And then you're gonna have to go to one of the islands in Japan or one of the,
they probably have so many spots set up. Wouldn't it be smart.
Go set up some spots in,
in like the gr east islands or somewhere like off north, the coast of Norway,
Greenland, Greenland could, who knows? What's in Greenland.
They could have all these cities for,
for like all these people that like they die, but you never see their bodies.
They could just say, you know, they,
people used to fake their deaths all the time, back in the thirties, forties.
But that was, he used to their internet.
No way easier to just kill Epstein Wayer way. Especially, especially when.
He is. You don't think he has, you don't think he has a, a kill switch.
You don't think that dude did. I think he probably does. You know, dude, man,
I wish I could tell you.
That's why I just saying max, I alive. You, you can't tell us.
Wish you could. It's dark, dude. This the stuff like darks.
I'll tell you guys about this out, but okay. Sean Atwood, that, that guy, holy.
He's he's he's dug in so deep, like so deep, like the neighbor, the,
the property that's right next to the one in, in Manhattan that, uh,
Les Wexner gave him for $0.
Hey man, that's a nice person. It's a good friend. Gives you a 70 million.
You know what? That people.
People always jump on that.
But that's not that crazy because back in the eighties,
apparently for like Sean at would saying, that's not that crazy.
Cuz people used to do that all the time to save on taxes so that ain't a big
deal. Maybe, uh, Epstein did pay him whatever was worth, you know, uh,
they would often do that. Just say it's his zero. It's not the craziest thing.
It's not the craziest thing, but the, the property next to that man.
And the history of that, I wish we could go over that, man. It's crazy.
Epstein has been involved in intelligence for a very long time, very long time,
a long, like as long as the Iran Contra, uh, scandal.
Remember that <affirmative> a lot of drugs coming in, helping.
It's like all this illegal black ops Georges was the main El Patran,
uh, Epstein was in was one of the workers that he was in. So he was his.
Girls in hiding. Right. Eddie, because they said she was a CI informant.
Shes like the main Maxwell. Yes.
She was the main one. Yeah. She Epstein into the operation. Her,
her father was the Epstein took over for her father, Robert Maxwell.
That's what's going on. She's more powerful than.
Epstein and they can't find her now.
They don't touch her. They're not gonna touch her. You don't think.
She has a kill switch. I guarantee she's in touch with people.
It'll only make sense.
The, her father was the master of blackmail people. What he did.
Yeah. Just.
Just gimme an idea what that place was next door.
It's just, when you go through the owners,
like there's like there's so see the thing what's going on now is the,
the biggest phenomenon that's going on right now is with the internet.
The internet is like, uh, backfiring and uh, it's boomerang.
And back at the people, it was the internet intended to control us and uh,
surveil us. And.
Now what's happening. It wasn't,
the internet was intended for scientists to share information at universities.
It was invent universities. That's.
Your opinion. When you look at.
It, didn't have to like kill each other and send packages in the mail. No, no.
That could be one of the reasons the.
Was it.
The, the, the people that invented the internet why'd they invent it.
They were, it was all funded by the CIA. It was all a way to keep it's.
It's always about the new world order. It's always about the,
the easiest way to control us. That's all. So, okay.
There's this give there's this software need this let's Robert Maxwell get deep.
Robert Maxwell just Lane's father. One of his jobs
was, man. I don't even, I should talk about this.
I'm not gonna talk about don't. Don't don't talk about,